ktx compare: Compares the two KTX files specified as the input-file1 and input-file2 arguments.
    The command implicitly calls validate and prints any found errors
    and warnings to stdout.

Usage:
  ktx compare [OPTION...] <input-file1> <input-file2>

  -f, --format text|json|mini-json
                                Specifies the report output format. Possible options are:
                                  text: Human readable text based format
                                  json: Formatted JSON
                                  mini-json: Minified JSON
                                 (default: text)
      --content raw|image|ignore
                                Controls how image content is compared. Possible values are:
                                  raw: Encoded image data is compared verbatim, as it appears in 
                                the file
                                  image: Effective image data is compared per texel block
                                  ignore: Ignore image contents
                                Note: When the mode is set to @b image, the effective image data of 
                                individual mip levels, layers, and faces is compared texel block by 
                                texel block after applying one or more of the following 
                                transformations, if needed:
                                - If the texture is supercompressed (e.g. using Zstandard or ZLIB), 
                                the images are deflated before comparison.
                                - If the texture is encoded using BasisLZ, the images are 
                                transcoded to R8G8B8A_UNORM before comparison.
                                For block compressed textures and textures encoded using UASTC the 
                                texel blocks are the individual compressed blocks, while for other 
                                formats the texel blocks are the individual pixels of the image.
                                When comparing files that use different supercompression schemes, 
                                or otherwise different encoding, additional options may need to be 
                                used to avoid unexpected differences to be reported related to the 
                                meta information of the files. For example:
                                - The supercompression scheme can be ignored with --ignore-supercomp
                                - Compressed byte length and other index section differences can be 
                                ignored with --ignore-index all or --ignore-index level
                                - DFD section differences can be ignored with --ignore-dfd all or 
                                --ignore-dfd all-except-color-space
                                - SGD section differences can be ignored with --ignore-sgd all or 
                                --ignore-sgd payload
                                 (default: raw)
      --per-pixel-output all|<number>|none
                                Controls whether per pixel / texel block difference output is 
                                generated when --content is set to image:
                                  all - Every single difference is output (may result in a very 
                                large output)
                                  <number> - At most the specified number of differences are output
                                  none - No per pixel / texel block differences are output
                                 (default: none)
      --allow-invalid-input     Perform best effort comparison even if any of the input files are 
                                invalid.
      --ignore-format-header    Ignore the vkFormat and typeSize fields in the file header.
                                Note: useful when comparing textures with and without BasisLZ 
                                encoding, respectively.
      --ignore-supercomp        Ignore supercompression scheme in the file header.
                                Note: use the --ignore-sgd option to also ignore the SGD section, 
                                if needed.
      --ignore-index all|level|none
                                Controls the comparison of index entries in the file headers. 
                                Possible options are:
                                  all: Ignore all index entries
                                  level: Ignore level index entries only
                                  none: Do not ignore any index entries
                                 (default: none)
      --ignore-dfd all|all-except-color-space|unknown|extended|none
                                Controls the comparison of DFD blocks. Possible options are:
                                  all: Ignore all DFD blocks
                                  all-except-color-space: Ignore all DFD blocks except the color 
                                space information in the basic DFD block
                                  unknown: Ignore any unrecognized DFD blocks
                                  extended: Ignore all DFD blocks except the basic DFD block
                                  none: Do not ignore any DFD blocks
                                 (default: none)
      --ignore-bdfd-bytesplane  Ignore BDFD bytesPlane values. Useful when comparing 
                                supercompressed files with non-supercompressed ones, as bytesPlane 
                                is set to zero for supercompressed files.
      --ignore-metadata all|<key>[,...]|none
                                Controls the comparison of metadata (KVD) entries. Possible options 
                                are:
                                  all: Ignore all metadata entries
                                  <key>[,...]: Ignore the specified comma separated list of 
                                metadata keys
                                  none: Do not ignore any metadata entries
                                 (default: none)
      --ignore-sgd all|unknown|payload|none
                                Controls the comparison of the SGD section. Possible options are:
                                  all: Ignore the SGD section
                                  unknown: Ignore any unrecognized SGD section
                                  payload: Ignore any unrecognized SGD section and the payload of 
                                any known SGD section
                                  none: Do not ignore the SGD section
                                Note: --ignore-sgd payload can be used to compare BasisLZ SGD 
                                headers without expecting an exact match for the individual SGD 
                                payload sections. (default: none)
  -h, --help                    Print this usage message and exit
  -v, --version                 Print the version number of this program and exit
      --testrun                 Indicates test run. If enabled the tool will produce deterministic 
                                output whenever possible
